Fix reports of object-shorthand and prefer-rest-params (#19308)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/server-side/express_nodejs/forms/create_book_form/index.md

    .trim()
    .isLength({ min: 1 })
    .escape(),
  body("summary", "Summary must not be empty.")
    .trim()
    .isLength({ min: 1 })
    .escape(),
  body("isbn", "ISBN must not be empty").trim().isLength({ min: 1 }).escape(),
  body("genre.*").escape(),

  // Process request after validation and sanitization.
  (req, res, next) => {
    // Extract the validation errors from a request.
    const errors = validationResult(req);

    // Create a Book object with escaped and trimmed data.
    const book = new Book({
      title: req.body.title,
      author: req.body.author,
      summary: req.body.summary,
      isbn: req.body.isbn,
      genre: req.body.genre,
    });

    if (!errors.isEmpty()) {
      // There are errors. Render form again with sanitized values/error messages.

      // Get all authors and genres for form.
      async.parallel(
        {
          authors(callback) {
            Author.find(callback);
          },
          genres(callback) {
            Genre.find(callback);
          },
        },
        (err, results) => {
          if (err) {
            return next(err);
          }

          // Mark our selected genres as checked.

>           for (let i = 0; i < results.genres.length; i++) {
>             if (book.genre.indexOf(results.genres[i]._id) > -1) {
>               results.genres[i].checked = "true";
>             }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          for (const genre of results.genres) {
            if (book.genre.indexOf(genre._id) > -1) {
              genre.checked = "true";
            }
```

          }
          res.render("book_form", {
            title: "Create Book",
            authors: results.authors,
            genres: results.genres,
            book,
            errors: errors.array(),
          });
        }
      );
      return;

>     } else {
>       // Data from form is valid. Save book.
>       book.save((err) => {
>         if (err) {
>           return next(err);
>         }
>         //successful - redirect to new book record.
>         res.redirect(book.url);
>       });
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    }

    // Data from form is valid. Save book.
    book.save((err) => {
      if (err) {
        return next(err);
      }
      
      // Successful: redirect to new book record.
      res.redirect(book.url);
    });
```
